We all have an important reason to act safely.
Act 1728 reads,
for by him we have life and move and exist.
Since life is such a precious gift from Jehovah,
safety and the sanctity of life
must be a priority in our daily lives.
Our organization has a goal of zero accidents
and not just on construction projects,
being safety conscious is a lifestyle
that affects all we do.
Whether we're at home on the road
or on theocratic projects,
our attitude towards safety is really a reflection
of our spirituality and our love for Jehovah
and the brothers and sisters.
Let's see a few dramatizations from around the world
to help us see how we can all be more safety conscious.
That day changed everything.
In that moment,
I realized that my actions could have injured someone.
I could even have become blood guilty.
My problem was overconfidence.
I never had a car accident
and I thought it could never happen to me.
But just a second of distracted driving can kill.
I meditated on Psalm 36.9
with you is a source of life.
By your light, we can see light.
My love for Jehovah,
the source of life,
now affects how I drive
and even my approach to other activities.
For example, I love sports
but I stop playing those with a high potential
for serious injury
and even relatively safe ones.
I'm committed to enjoying in the safest way possible.
I think Jehovah every day I'm still alive.
It was such a close call.
It was a street I've walked across hundreds of times.
No one has ever been hurt there before,
so I felt safe.
Besides, I was preoccupied with what I had to do that day.
I didn't see the car until I heard this screeching tires.
I wish I hadn't taken this to become more safety conscious.
But now we continually train our children
to stop, think,
and evaluate even familiar surroundings before proceeding.
Acting safely is one way we showed Jehovah
how much we appreciate life.
Whether at home or elsewhere,
being safe has become a lifestyle for us.
As a body of elders,
we take Proverbs 22 verse 3 seriously.
The shrewd one sees the danger and conceals himself,
but the inexperienced keep right on going
and suffer the consequences.
If we take short cut
or permit something unsafe and an accident happens,
we bear a measure of responsibility of the result.
We love Jehovah
and our brothers and sisters too much to allow them.
With good direction
and training from the LDC maintenance training team,
we've learned to apply the principle of Proverbs 22 verse 3.
We identify potential risks
before we start working
and make a plan to complete it safely.
We always assign the right person to a task,
a way of everyone's knowledge, limitations, and abilities.
And while it's wonderful to have young ones with us,
we make sure they are always supervised
and work with either their parents
or another responsible person.
Life is a gift from Jehovah.
And I want to train my children to value it.
The smallest actions can save lives.
My conscience is clean now.
Understanding that making safety a priority
is an expression of my love for Jehovah
and my brothers and sisters.
I'm happier now.
Could it be that some of our actions
reveal a lack of appreciation for the gift of life?
As was mentioned, safety is part of being spiritual people.
That understanding motivates us
to develop safer routines and ways of doing things.
Our minds will be focused on keeping us safe
by identifying risk and adjusting how we do things.
This way we stay safe by eliminating or controlling the risk.
The world focuses on speed and cutting corners
to get things done.
In contrast, we want our theocratic
and personal activities to show the safety is a priority.
This can be accomplished if we view safety
as a reflection of our love for Jehovah
and his precious gift of life.